This was my first real attempt at building a game engine on top of MonoGame in C#. I had a vision for how I wanted to program my video games in which the code itself reflected the "structure" of the game: menus and levels were represented by classes called "Multiforms", their constituent objects - buttons, interfaces, enemies, power-ups, particles, etc. - were represented by "Forms", to which "Fixins" could be dynamically added and taken away, representing various subcomponents of Forms (sprites, input readers, AIs, etc). "Effectors" could also be added to Forms to temporarily change some aspect of them (for instance, to have an enemy emit a sound upon being hit, or have a button release a particle effect upon being clicked). 

Forms and Multiforms both exposed a sort of "event-driven programming" interface, whereby in the game loop you could call generic functions like ``After(time, event)``, which would trigger ``event`` once ``time`` had elapsed. This greatly simplified the process of writing game loops - instead about having to think about a function which runs every "game tick", you could think about things that happen at different points in time. Other functions like ``DoEvery(time, event)`` would trigger ``event`` repeatedly once ``time`` had elapsed, and its variants ``DoEveryUntil``, ``Before``, etc.
 
At least, this was the idea. I don't remember how much of it I got around to implementing (in this version at least, I know I've implemented it in prior versions). At once point I remember implementing an interface for asynchronous events in the game loop, but for the life of me I can't find it here.

Of course, I was in high school when I built this, and I wasn't prepared for the scale of the undertaking (I thought the only difference between me and the Unreal Engine development team was how much redbull we consumed, and how much sleep we were willing to loose). Nonetheless, I'm proud of this ambitious project. I learned a lot about C# and OOP in the process.
